---
published: false
---
## A brief introduction

Hi! I am Nelson Green. I am a chemical engineer, who pursued graduate studies in the chemical studies of dissolved organic matter, building research separation equipment and developing computer software to analyze the chemical composition of these ubiquitious and complex chemical mixtures. I'm a proud Kansan and Kansas State alumni, and have studied at Georgia Tech, until PhD candidacy, and started a aquatic chemistry lab Ball State University (in Indiana).  My experience have not only taught me much about chemsitry, engineering, analysis and computation, but also have gave me teaching, leading, and organizing experiences on multi-year research projects. I'm loyal, self-sacrificing, and a hard worker, but my lack of confidence and difficulties in communication have been a challenge that I still work on by continuing to work in reviewing grammar and papers for a nona loyal and self-My loyalty and hard work have sometimes been harmed by my low self-confidence and difficulties in communication, areas that I continue to work on, such as leading English review of papers with a non-native English speaking friend, and contributing to the scientific review when needed. renot always shine brightest. With communication, I have continued to work, when possible, with past collaborator on research ideas and publications to keep my writing ability sharp.  My personal  at  have experiences in research of dissolved organic matter which have taking me on 10 research field expeditions and resulted in 10 publications (most recently in Nov 2016).  In my graduate studies as a chemical engineer, I built and deployed research reverse osmosis and electrodialysis equipment to study dissolved organic matter in the world's oceans and rivers.  I've taught environmental analysi
I want to state succinctly my thoughts and works for you can get to know me better. I have some topics in mind to expand further in sections of this site.  

Foremost, is the research I have done and continue in research of the character of dissolved organic matter and its pervasiveness in biogeochemical processes.  It is important to make especially the process of science open by sharing the methods and results widely, and especially for computational-based methods sharing these steps here and on other platforms (e.g., Twitter, GitHub, PANGEA, etc) is a requirement of good modern science. In this site I hope to share methods and even data, so that it can be picked apart and put back together as a more robust and smarter version. I expect my posts will require some iteration, but I welcome feedback.

I will post data analysis tools as I work on them, and possibly some collaborative works.  

Mentoring FIRST robotics .  In some cases, I'd hope to contribute to larger projects.  
Most I expect will come to read on my interest in Dissolved Organic Matter, where I've helped to author papers about sampling, reverse osmosis and electrodialysis, chemical analysis, metal pollution, and other aspects of its chemistry and biological impacts. I hope to put together a small section devoted to teaching about the knowledge I've learned and to share current research in the field and the opinions about that.  
